# Stacker-Game
CS120B Custom Final Project

# Introduction
My Stacker game is a two-dimensional game that requires the player to stack one to three horizontal LED blocks on top of each other until they reach the top of the 8x8 LED matrix screen with a complete stack of LED blocks thus winning the game all while the LED blocks move left to right on each row the player is on and the player makes a move within the time limit they set when they selected the difficulty mode before starting the game. The game gets progressively more challenging as the player continues to successfully stack one to three horizontal LED blocks on top of each other. Phases of the game are indicated by what row the player is currently on. The player moves up to the next row by clicking the move up button and successfully lining up the current row’s horizontal LED blocks with the stack beneath the row. The player has the choice of setting the difficulty of the game to either easy, neutral, or hard by using a joystick to move up and down between the game modes that is indicated by 3 LEDS colored green, yellow, and red. By setting the difficulty of the game before it starts, players are setting a time limit to how long it takes them to make a move per phase of the game. Selecting easy mode only gives the player around ten seconds to make a move. Selecting neutral mode only gives the player around six seconds to make a move. Selecting hard mode only gives the player around four seconds to make a move. The player loses the game if they fail to stack one to three horizontal LED blocks on top of their current vertical LED block stack or they fail to make a move within the time limit that they set before the game started. When this occurs, a piezo buzzer will sound to alert the player that they have lost in their current game session. The player can reset the game by pushing the reset button for more play attempts after a game session has ended. The reset button can be read after a game session has ended with either the player winning or losing.

